hello and welcome to earth unplugged
here we bring you the most epic films
and breathtaking stats from the natural
world you're watching this because you
haven't yet subscribed and here's why we
think you should we utilize some of the
most advanced camera technologies bring
you the best in wildlife filmmaking are
you kidding yeah look at that and we
search the globe for the best facts to
show you why our planet is epic you
would actually age slower sitting at the
base of this tree than at the top our
galaxy stretches 100,000 light years
across and of course we go to the best
locations in search of breathtaking
wildlife and adventure it's just most
extraordinary experience and we discuss
the latest wildlife news that matters to
you coming up this week ultrasound
genitals and electronic skin to young
cubs are going to take their first steps
and we've been working with some of the
most intelligent youtubers out there to
bring you a whole host of collaborations
and it's awesome oh hey there sexy whoa
some do it every day as you can tell we
love this channel and want to bring you
more amazing videos so subscribe to
earth unplugged and let us explain why
the natural world is awesome
haha look